according to a new study that was done
by Consumer Reports a majority of
packaged goods that are labeled natural
are actually contained genetically
modified ingredients which makes it
unclear you know as to whether they are
natural or nots because they grow but
they've been modified in a laboratory
whatever apparently the FDA will allow
companies to put the word natural on a
product label as long as it says JK lol
on the back of the product but critics
of genetically modified organisms or
GMOs claim that they pose health risks
it's a complicated issue though because
there isn't a lot of evidence to back
that up still some people are dead set
against them there's been legislation
designed to limit GMOs you see
documentaries and angry Facebook post
about how many of you do not want GMOs
in your body yes okay a lot when people
take a stance on a complicated issue I
wondered how many people who are against
GMOs really know what they are so we
sent a crew to one of our local farmers
markets to ask people why they avoid
GMOs and more specifically what the
letters GMOs stand for enjoy do you try
to avoid GMOs in your diet I do yeah
tell me why just there's just a
vibration with GMOs for me personally
just something that I don't particularly
want to put into my body
what does GMO stands for genetically
modified genetically modified I
don't know Bishop Don magic Juan what is
a GMO well I'm not really sure you have
to make me familiar with that what is a
GMO do you try to avoid GMOs in your
diet yeah absolutely
why is that um just the effects I guess
on on myself
what does GMOs stand for and putting me
on
um let's see I don't even remember
[Laughter]
do you try to avoid GMOs in your diet
absolutely why because they're not good
for you
what is a GMO it's it's a genetically
monophonic I don't know what is it if
you are eating Whole Foods you want to
eat what your your eating you know maybe
you want to eat what you see and so in
your importing process food but when the
whole food is somehow contaminated avoid
that's kind of making it a moot point
the GMO stands for genetically
manufactured what is a GMO general
general modified ingredient right what
is a GMO it's a gent it says something
modified do you try to avoid GMOs
sometimes not a whole lot you know just
try what is a GMO I don't know where I
was just going along with it I don't
know what GMO is what is it GMO I don't
know I know it's like some corn bad
stuff right I know it's bad but to be
completely honest with you have no idea
what is a GMO I don't know so I really
don't care it doesn't affect me I'm not
sick I'm fine
what is a GMO genetically modified
organism and what GMO smokers oMG it is
not yeah well you know now we have to
know anything
hi Internet Watchers Jimmy Kimmel here
subscribed to my youtube channel for all
our latest viral videos and while you're
here don't forget to get in a very
stupid fight in the comment section okay
[Music]